I want to create a cross platform (but possibly initially just for iPad) app similar to the Quick Poses iOS app for timed drawing practice. The initial main advantage of my custom app will be as follows: - Better Brush Engine for the Apple Pencil (I'd like the initial brush / set of brushes to feel similar to the default Paint Tool Sai brushes) - Ability to search existing online platforms by tags/keywords in order to create practice sets (initially I want to support e6ai.net and e621.net for furry drawing practice, these two sites have really good and large sets of tags applied to every image that can be used for filtering). These would not be stored on device, the search tags / keywords would simply be re-used to grab new images. - When a session is finished, it should save, and be possible to review your work. The important things here are to store both the reference image and the drawn image together somewhere. Also to have the ability to review either side-by-side, or overlayed using some kind of automatic best fit algorithm (or maybe a small AI) to overlay the drawn image onto the reference for comparison. Color / contrast / opacity for both images should also be adjusted to make the overlay clear on top of the reference. This is probably one of the most important features to be able to continuously check and improve work. Some later goals / stretch goals. - Reference can be displayed on a separate device / on the web, but session is still synced when drawing on iPad (or other device) (Reference and drawn images still saved in sync together somewhere after session is finished). - Custom / Downloaded image sets can be tagged using an automatic tagging AI, this will allow for better filtering of the custom image sets to create new practice sets from. - Pricing model (for initial and offline only I probably just want a 1 time payment), cloud sync, session history and review available across devices (iPad, Android, Windows, Web). - More advanced layers, brush and blending support - ABR brush import support and/or clip studio paint brush support. - AI Coaching feature (this is probably the main stretch goal) that could plug into an existing, or fine tuned, LLM model to provide feedback on drawings. A diffusion image generation model might also be nice to add to allow the AI to provide a next step, or iterative quality goal. This should show either what the next stage of the drawing should look like (e.g. sketch to clean lines, flat colors to shaded, etc) or show an improved version of the current stage (more accurate gesture drawing, better shading, etc). For starters I would like to know what development stack you think would be best for this. I currently don't own a mac device, and don't particularly want to buy one for development. I own a high end windows laptop for dev work.